.TH BRICK 1 "" "brick" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
brick \- storage sync CLI client for RequestBite
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B brick
[\fIOPTIONS\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B brick
is the command-line client for RequestBite's Storage Sync feature. It performs
two-way synchronization between a local folder and the Storage API: it walks
both trees, uploads local-only files, downloads remote-only files, and
resolves conflicts with the remote copy winning. After the initial pass it
watches the local folder for filesystem changes and also polls the Storage
API periodically, so both sides stay in sync until interrupted.
.PP
.B brick
also manages the OIDC login and active account used for sync.
.PP
On first run
.B brick
creates a configuration file at
.I ~/.config/brick/config.yaml
containing a unique client identifier.
Authentication tokens are stored in the same file after a successful login.
.SH OPTIONS
.SS Account management
.TP
.B \-\-login
Open the default web browser and start login flow.
On completion the received credentials are saved to the configuration file.
Run this command before using any feature that requires an authenticated account.
.TP
.B \-\-switch\-accounts
Interactively select which account to make active when more than one account
has been authenticated.
The selected account ID is persisted to the configuration file.
.TP
.B \-\-whoami
Print the name, email address, and active account of the currently authenticated
user.
If the access token has expired it is refreshed silently using the stored refresh
token.
.SS Storage sync
.TP
Running
.B brick
with no other options synchronizes the folder configured as
.I storageSyncFolder
in the configuration file with the Storage API, then watches it for changes.
If no sync folder is configured yet,
.B brick
prompts for one and persists it to the configuration file. The remote copy
always wins on conflict. Requires a logged-in session with an active account
(see
.B \-\-login
and
.BR \-\-switch\-accounts ).
Press
.B Ctrl\-C
to stop syncing.
.TP
.BR \-r ", " \-\-remote\-control
Allow the Storage API to remotely list, browse, and transfer files on this
device while syncing. Without this flag the local agent refuses any such
request from the Storage API, even if it is otherwise connected.
.TP
.B \-\-agent\-root \fIPATH\fR
Expose an additional directory (beyond
.IR storageSyncFolder )
to remote clients when
.B \-\-remote\-control
is enabled. Repeatable.
.SS Other
.TP
.B \-\-no\-upgrade\-check
Suppress the automatic check for a newer version of
.B brick
that normally runs at startup before syncing.
.TP
.B \-\-uninstall
Interactively remove the
.B brick
binary, configuration directory, shell completion files, and man page.
Each step prompts for confirmation before proceeding.
.TP
.BR \-h ", " \-\-help
Print a short usage summary and exit.
.TP
.BR \-v ", " \-\-version
Print the version number, build timestamp, and git commit hash, then exit.
.SH EXAMPLES
.TP
Log in to a RequestBite account:
.EX
brick \-\-login
.EE
.TP
Show the currently authenticated user:
.EX
brick \-\-whoami
.EE
.TP
Switch to a different account:
.EX
brick \-\-switch\-accounts
.EE
.TP
Sync the configured folder with the Storage API and watch for changes:
.EX
brick
.EE
.TP
Sync and allow the Storage API to remotely browse and transfer files:
.EX
brick \-\-remote\-control
.EE
.TP
Sync without checking for CLI upgrades first:
.EX
brick \-\-no\-upgrade\-check
.EE
.SH FILES
.TP
.I ~/.config/brick/config.yaml
Per-user configuration file.
Created automatically on first run.
Contains the client identifier, the configured
.IR storageSyncFolder ,
and, after login, OAuth credentials.
Stored with mode
.B 0600
to protect the tokens.
Do not share this file.
.TP
.I ~/.config/brick/sync-state-<hash>.json
Per-folder sync state index, one file per distinct
.I storageSyncFolder
ever synced. Records the last-known local hash and remote ETag for each
synced file so repeated runs only transfer what changed. Safe to delete;
.B brick
will simply re-reconcile the full tree on the next run.
.SH EXIT STATUS
.TP
.B 0
Success.
.TP
.B 1
An error occurred (invalid flags, network failure, authentication error, etc.).
.SH BUGS
Please report bugs and feature requests at:
.br
.I https://github.com/requestbite/brick/issues
.SH AUTHORS
The RequestBite team (https://requestbite.com)
